<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xml:lang="en" lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:pretty="http://ocpsoft.com/prettyfaces"
	xmlns:ocp="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/ocpcommon">
<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/view/templates/socialpm.xhtml">

	<ui:param name="title" value="Terms &amp; Conditions" />

	<ui:define name="header-h2">Terms &amp; Conditions</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="header-ul"></ui:define>

	<ui:define name="side-ul">
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="content">
		<div style="font-family: sans-serif;">
		<h3>SCRUMSHARK LICENSE AGREEMENT</h3>

		<p>IMPORTANT – PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement")
		CAREFULLY.</p>

		<p>This a legal agreement between you or the entity or company you
		represent (“you”) and OcpSoft.com and its owners. ("Licensor") which
		governs your use of this website. Should you have any questions
		concerning this Agreement, please contact Licensor at
		[admin@ocpsoft.com]. This Software is licensed not sold.</p>

		<h4>TERMS AND CONDITIONS</h4>

		<p>1. LICENSE GRANT AND RESTRICTIONS. Upon registration, you agree
		to all terms and conditions, and are licensed to use the site under
		these terms.</p>

		<p>(A) Restrictions. We reserve the right to deny access to any
		user who does not comply to the terms, and whos usage is found to be
		malicious, or inappropriate. We also reserve the right to deny access
		to any user for any reason, but are reasonable - just don't make us
		angry.</p>

		<p>2. VIRUSES. Should you get a virus from using our site, we're
		sorry, it's not our fault. This is a website, people using the website
		can be bad. If you find a problem, please report it to
		[admin@ocpsoft.com]. We'll do our best to protect you, but we're only
		human.</p>

		<p>3. CONFORMANCE WITH LAW. You agree to use the Software for
		lawful purposes only and in a manner consistent with all applicable
		local, provincial, state, national or international laws, rules and
		regulations.</p>

		<p>4. CONFIDENTIALITY. The data you enter into the site is your
		property, but we reserve the right to gather statistics, use data
		internally for product improvement. But you should know that most
		pages on this site are PUBLIC; most people can see your information.
		Don't put anything on here that you don't want to be seen by the
		world. We are working to increase privacy, but if someone finds a way
		to breach our privacy, that's not our fault, we make no guarantees to
		your data's security.</p>

		<p>5. OWNERSHIP. This website is owned by OcpSoft.com, and
		OcpSoft.com's owners. Nothing you do, including usage, hacking, etc,
		is going to change that. Just because you use the site, doesn't mean
		you own the site itself. You own your information, we own the site.</p>

		<p>6. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY NO WARRANTIES. Use
		this software at your own risk!</p>

		<p>a) In other words: THE SOFTWARE AND ANY SERVICES RELATED
		THERETO ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS WITH ALL FAULTS" BASIS WITHOUT
		WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. LICENSOR AND ITS LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM
		ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND,
		WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR COLLATERAL, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
		ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
		PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPATIBILITY OR THAT THE
		SOFTWARE OR ANY RELATED SERVICES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER
		DISABLING DEVICES, ARE ACCURATE, OR ERROR FREE OR THAT ERRORS WILL BE
		CORRECTED OR THAT THE SOFTWARE OR ANY RELATED SERVICES WILL OPERATE
		WITHOUT INTERRUPTION. THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND ANY
		RELATED SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.</p>

		<p>7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. We are not responsible for any
		damage or loss caused to you because you used this site. We don't
		promise to back up your information. We are working on import/export
		so you can back it up yourself, but it is not done yet.</p>


		<p>a) In other words: TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
		APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE
		FOR: ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE
		DAMAGES; OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION,
		BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS ARISING OUT OF THIS
		AGREEMENT, THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE ABILITY OR
		INABILITY OF THE SOFTWARE OR RELATED SERVICES TO ACCESS OR BE USED
		TOGETHER OR WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE, APPLICATION OR ANY ELECTRONIC
		DEVICE, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE OR
		SERVICES, INCLUDING SUPPORT SERVICES FOR THE SOFTWARE, IF APPLICABLE,
		EVEN IF LICENSOR, AND ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
		POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY CASE, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
		PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF LICENSOR AND ITS
		LICENSORS ARISING IN ANY MANNER UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
		AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO $1.00. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW
		OR PLACE LIMITATIONS UPON THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
		AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.</p>

		<p>8. SCOPE OF LIMITATION AND DISCLAIMER. We cannot be held
		responsible for anything that goes wrong with you.</p>


		<p>a) In other words: THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS
		APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSES OR CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO THE
		LOSS, DAMAGE, CLAIM OR LIABILITY, EVEN IF SUCH LOSS, DAMAGE, CLAIM OR
		LIABILITY IS BASED ON NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTS, STRICT LIABILITY,
		BREACH OF CONTRACT INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FUNDAMENTAL BREACH
		OR BREACH OF A FUNDAMENTAL TERM, PRODUCT LIABILITY OR INFRINGEMENT OF
		ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, TRADE SECRET, TRADE-MARK OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL
		PROPERTY RIGHT.</p>

		<p>9. INDEMNITY. You agree to indemnify and hold Licensor and its
		affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and
		agents harmless from and against any claim, damage, liability, loss or
		demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, due to or arising out of
		your use of the Software, or the infringement by you, of any
		intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.</p>

		<p>10. TERM AND TERMINATION. This Agreement is effective from the
		date you click "I accept" and shall continue in full force and effect
		unless terminated in accordance with this Section. This Agreement will
		terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any term or condition
		of this Agreement, or if you cease using the software.</p>

		<p>11. MONITORING. You acknowledge and agree that throughout the
		Term, we may monitor and track your use of the Software in order to
		ensure your compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the
		Documentation.</p>

		<p>12 OFFICIAL LANGUAGE. The official language of this Agreement
		is English. It is the express wish of the parties that this Agreement
		and any related documents be drawn up and executed in English. Il est
		la volonté expresse des parties que cette convention et tous les
		documents s'y rattachant soient rédigés et signés en anglais.</p>
		</div>
	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>
</html>