<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xml:lang="en" lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/view/templates/socialpm.xhtml">
	<ui:param name="title" value="New Project" />

	<ui:define name="header">
		#{projects.current.name} &raquo; New Story
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="sub-header">
		Share yours.
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="content">

		<div class="row">
			<div class="span12 columns">

				<h:form>
					<fieldset>
						<legend>What do you need?</legend>
					</fieldset>

					<div class="clearfix">
						<label for="name">Story</label>
						<div class="input">
							<h:inputTextarea id="name" value="#{stories.current.text}"
								styleClass="xxLarge"/>
							<span class="help-inline">
								As a ____, I want ____, so I can ____.
							</span>
						</div>
					</div>

					<div class="actions">
						<h:commandButton action="#{stories.create}" value="Ok, let's go!"
							styleClass="btn primary" />
						&nbsp;
						<h:commandButton action="/pages/home.xhtml?faces-redirect=true"
							value="Cancel" styleClass="btn" />
					</div>
				</h:form>
			</div>

			<div class="span4 columns">
				<h4>What should I say?</h4>
				A story description should provide three things: who needs it, what they need, and
				what will be improved if their need were to be fulfilled. You should not talk about
				implementation details or specifics here; we will worry about that later.
				<h6>Good examples:</h6>
				<ul>
					<li>As a User, I want a story-writing walkthrough on the new-story page, so
					that I can more easily learn how to describe stories.</li>
					<li>As a Customer, I want a login form on each page, so that I can access my 
					account from anywhere on the website.</li>
				</ul>
				<h6>Bad examples:</h6>
				<ul>
					<li>Put a story-writing guide on the new-story page.</li>
					<li>There should be a login form on every page of the site.</li>
					<li>Any description longer than your little finger...</li>
				</ul>

				<h4>Isn't this a bit brief?</h4>
				Yes, buut... understanding who, what, and why are the key factors to
				ensuring that all participants in the project understand the motivations and
				benefits of each story.
				<p>Implementation details will be covered later as we add tasks and validation
				criteria.</p>
			</div>
		</div>

	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="side-items">
		#{projects.current.name}
	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>
</html>
